Name,Description
Aatxe,Spirit that takes the form of a bull.
Abaasy,Demons that have teeth of iron.
Abada,Small type of unicorn reported to live in the lands of the African Congo.
Abaia,Huge magical eel.
Abarimon,Savage humanoid with backward feet.
Abura-sumashi,Creature from a mountain pass in Kumamoto Prefecture.
Acephali,Headless humanoids.
Achlis,Curious elk.
Adar Llwch Gwin,Giant birds that understand human languages.
Adaro,Malevolent merfolk.
Adhene,Nature spirit.
Adroanzi,Nature spirit.
Aerico,Disease demon.
Agni,God of fire and sacrifices.
Agathodaemon,Spirit of vinefields and grainfields.
Agloolik,Ice spirit that aids hunters and fishermen.
Ahkiyyini,Animated skeleton that causes shipwrecks.
Ahlden Gentree,Demon with enormous jaw.
Aigamuxa,Anthropophagous humanoid with eyes in its instep.
Airavata,Divine Elephant.
Aitu,Malevolent spirits or demons.
Aitvaras,Household spirit.
Ajatar,Dragon.
Akka,Female spirits or minor goddesses.
Akki,Large; grotesque humanoid.
Akkorokamui,Sea monster.
Akuma,Evil spirit.
Akupara,Giant turtle that supports the world.
Al,Spirit that steals unborn babies and livers from pregnant women.
Ala,Bad weather demon.
Alal,queen of the full moon.
Alan,Winged humanoid that steals reproductive waste to make children.
Alce,Wingless griffin.
Aleya,Spirit of a dead fisherman.
Alicanto,Bird that eats gold and silver.
Alkonost,Angelic bird with human head and breasts.
Almas,Savage humanoid.
Aloja,Female water spirit.
Al Rakim,Guard dog of the Seven Sleepers.
Alseid,Grove nymph.
Alu,Leprous demon.
Alux,Little people.
Amaburakosagi,Ritual disciplinary demon from Shikoku.
Amala,Giant who holds up the world.
Amamehagi,Ritual disciplinary demon from Hokuriku.
Amanojaku,Small demon.
Amarok,Giant wolf.
Amarum,Water boa spirit.
Amemasu,Lake monster.
Ammit,Female demon with a body that was part lion; hippopotamus and crocodile.
Amoronagu,Tennyo from the island of Amami Oshima.
Amphiptere,Winged serpent.
Amphisbaena,Serpent with a head at each end.
Anak,Giant.
Angel,From the Greek angelos; divine beings of Heaven who act as mediators between God and humans; the counterparts of Demons.
Ani Hyuntikwalaski,Lightning spirit.
Ankou,Skeletal grave watcher with a lantern and a scythe.
Anmo,Ritual disciplinary demon from Iwate Prefecture.
Antaeus,Giant who was extremely strong as long as he remained in contact with the ground.
Anubis,God of the Underworld
Antero Vipunen,Subterranean giant.
Ao Ao,Anthropophagous peccary or sheep.
Aobozu,Blue monk who kidnaps children.
Apsaras,Female cloud spirit.
Arion,Extremely swift horse with a green mane and the power of speech.
Arkan Sonney,Fairy hedgehog.
Asag,Hideous rock demon.
Asakku,Demon.
Asiman,Vampiric possession spirit.
Askefrue,Female tree spirit.
Asobibi,Spectral fire from Kochi Prefecture.
Asrai,Water spirit.
Astomi,Humanoid sustained by pleasant smells instead of food.
Atomy,Surprisingly small creature.
Atshen,Anthropophagous spirit.
Auloniad,Pasture nymph.
Avalerion,King of the birds.
Ayakashi,Sea serpent that travels over boats in an arc while dripping oil.
Aziza,Little people that help hunters.
Azukiarai,Spirit that washes azuki beans along riversides.
Azukitogi,Spirit that washes azuki beans along riversides.
Baba Yaga,Forest spirit and hag
Backoo,Malevolent little people
Bagiennik,Malevolent water spirit
Bahamut,Giant fish
Bardha,Mountain spirit
Bar Juchne,Bird
Bai Ze,Talking beast which handed down knowledge on harmful spirits
Ba Jiao Gui,Banana tree spirit
Bakeneko,Magical cat
Bakezori,Animated straw sandal
Bakhtak,Night demon
Bakunawa,Sea serpent that causes eclipses
Bannik,Bathhouse spirit
Banshee,Death spirit
Baobhan Sith,Beautiful vampiric seductresses who prey on young travelers
Bardi,Shapechanging death spirit
Barghest,black dog
Bar Juchne,Gigantic bird
Barnacle Geese,Geese which hatch from barnacles
Barong,Tutelary spirit
BasCelik,Powerful; evil winged man whose soul is not held by his body and can be subdued only by causing him to suffer dehydration
Bathala,Primordial god of creation
Batsu,Drought spirit
Baubas,Malevolent spirit
Baykok,Flying skeleton
Bean Nighe,Death spirit; a type of Banshee/Bean Sidhe
Behemoth,Massive beast; possibly like a dinosaur or crocodile
Bendigeidfran,Giant king
Berehynia,Water spirit
Bergsra,Mountain spirit
Bestial beast,Centauroid specter
Bhuta,Ghost of someone killed by execution or suicide
Bies,Demon
Binbogami,Spirit of poverty
Black Dog,Canine death spirit
Black Shuck,black dog
Blemmyae,Headless humanoid with face in torso
Bloody Bones,Water bogeyman
Blue Crow,Giant amazonian bird.
Bodach,Malevolent spirit
Bogeyman,Malevolent spirit
Boggart,Malevolent household spirit
Boginki,Nature spirit
Bogle,Malevolent spirit
Bolla,Dragon
Boobrie,Roaring water bird
Bozaloshtsh,Death spirit
Brag,Malevolent water horse
Brownie,Benevolent household spirit
Broxa,Nocturnal bird that drains goats of their milk
Bugbear,Bearlike goblin
Bugul Noz,Extremely ugly; but kind; forest spirit
Bush Dai Dai,Spirit that seduces and kills men
Bysen,Diminutive forest spirit
Cabeiri,Smith and wine spirit
Caladrius,White bird that can foretell if a sick person will recover or die
Callitrix,Apes who always bear twins; one the mother loves; the other it hates
Calydonian Boar,Giant; chthonic boar
Cambion,Offspring of a human and an incubus or succubus; general term for any kind of human/demon hybrid
Camulatz,Bird that ate the heads of the first men
Candileja,Spectral; fiery hag
Canotila,Little people and tree spirits
Chapa,Beaver spirit
Capcaun,Large; monstrous humanoid
Carbuncle,Small creature with a jewel on its head
Cat Sidhe,Fairy cat
Ceffyl Dwr,Malevolent water horse
Cerastes,Extremely flexible; horned snake
Cercopes,Mischievous forest spirit
Cericopithicus,Apes who always bear twins; one the mother loves; the other it hates
Ceryneian Hind,Hind with golden antlers and bronze or brass hooves
Cetan,Hawk spirit
Chakora,Lunar bird
Chaneque,Little people and nature spirits
Charybdis,Sea monster in the form of a giant mouth
Chepi,Ancestral spirit that instructs tribe members
Chibaiskweda,Ghost of an improperly buried person
Chindi,Vengeful ghost that causes dust devils
Chochinobake,Animated paper lantern
Chol,Regenerative bird
Chollima,Supernaturally fast horse
Chonchon,Disembodied; flying head
Choorile,Ghost of a woman that died in childbirth
Chromandi,Hairy savage with dog teeth
Chrysaor,Son of the gorgon Medusa; imaged as a giant or a winged boar
Chrysomallus,Golden haired winged ram
Chukwa,Giant turtle that supports the world
Chupacabra,Cryptid beast; named for its habit of sucking the blood of goats and other livestock
Churel,Vampiric; female ghost
Ciguapa,Malevolent seductress
Cihuateteo,Ghost of women that died in childbirth
Cikavac,Bird that serves its owner
Cinnamon bird,Giant bird that makes its nest out of cinnamon
Cirein croin,Sea serpent
Coblynau,Little people and mine spirits
Cofgod,Cove god
Corycian nymphs,Nymph of the Corycian Cave
Cretan Bull,Monstrous bull
Crinaeae,Fountain nymph
The Cu Bird,El Pajaro Cu; a bird.
Cuco,Bogeyman
Cucuy,Malevolent spirit
Cuelebre,Dragon
Curupira,Nature spirit
Cu Sith,Gigantic fairy dog
Cwn Annwn,Underworld hunting dog
Cyhyraeth,Death spirit
Dactyl,Little people and smith and healing spirits
Daemon,Incorporeal spirit
Dahu,Like a deer or ibex with legs on one side of its body are shorter than on the other side
Daidarabotchi,Giant responsible for creating many geographical features in Japan
Daitengu,Most powerful class of tengu; each of whom lives on a separate mountain
Daitya,Giant.
Danava,Water demon.
Daphnaie,Laurel tree nymph.
Dead Sea Apes,Human tribe turned into apes for ignoring Moses' message.
Deity,Preternatural or supernatural possibly immortal being.
Demon,From the Greek daimon; chthonic entities of Hell often seen as Satan's minions who are inimical to mankind; the counterparts of Angels.
Demigod,Half human; half god.
Dhampir,Human/vampire hybrid.
Diao Si Gui,Hanged ghost.
Dilong,Earth dragon.
Dip,Demonic and vampiric dog.
Di Penates,House spirit.
Dipsa,Extremely poisonous snake.
Dirawong,Goanna spirit.
Di sma undar jordi,Little people and nature spirits.
Diwata,Tree spirit.
Dokkaebi,Grotesque; horned humanoids.
Dokkalfar,Male ancestral spirits; the Dark Elves.
Dola,Tutelary and fate spirit.
Domovoi,House spirit.
Doppelganger,Ghostly double.
Drac,Winged sea serpent.
Drakon,Greek dragons.
Drakaina,Dragons depicted with female characteristics.
Draugr,Undead.
Drekavac,Restless ghost of an unbaptised child.
Drow,Cavern spirit.
Drude,Possessing demon.
Druk,Dragon.
Dryad,Tree nymph.
Duende,Little people and forest spirits.
Duergar,Malevolent little people.
Dullahan,Headless death spirit.
Duwende,Little people; some are house spirits; others nature spirits.
Dvergr,Subterranean little people smiths.
Dvorovoi,Courtyard spirit.
Dwarf,Little people nature spirits.
Engkanto,Neutral nature spirit
Fachen,Monster with half a body
Fafnir,Dwarf who was cursed and turned into a Dragon. Later slain by Sigurd in the Saga ofNibelung.
Fairy,Nature spirits
Familiar,Animal servant
Far darrig,Little people that constantly play pranks
Fear gorta,Hunger ghost
Feathered Serpent,dragon
Fei Lian,Chinese god of the wind
Fenghuang,Chinese Phoenix; female in marriage symbol
Fenodyree,House spirit
Fenrir,Gigantic; ravenous wolf
Fetch,Double or doppelganger
Fext,Undead
Fir Bolg,Ancestral race
Fire Bird,Regenerative; solar bird
Firedrake,Dragon
Forest Bull,Giant; red cattle with swiveling horns
Freybug,black dog
Fuath,Malevolent water spirit
Fucanglong,Underworld dragon
Funayurei,Ghosts of people who drowned at sea
Fylgja,Animal familiar
Gaasyendietha,Dragon
Gagana,Bird with iron beak and copper talons
Gaki,Ghosts of especially greedy people
Gallu,Underworld demons
Galtzagorriak,Diminutive; demonic servants
Gamayun,Prophetic bird with human head
Gana,Attendants of Shiva
Gancanagh,Male fairy that seduces human women
Gandharva,Male nature spirits; often depicted as part human; part animal
Gargouille,Water dragon
Garmr,Giant; ravenous hound
Gashadokuro,Giant; malevolent skeletons
Gaueko,Wolf capable of walking upright
Ged,The fish pike
Genie,Elemental spirit
Genius loci,Spirit that protects a specific place
German,Male spirit associated with bringing rain and hail
Ghillie Dhu,Tree guardian
Ghost,Disembodied spirits; specifically of those that have died
Ghoul,Earth genie. Also a shape shifting desert anthropophagus; often classified as undead.
Giant,Humanoid creatures of immense size and strength
Giant animal,Unusually large beasts
Gidim,Ghost
Gigelorum,Smallest animal
Gjenganger,Corporeal ghost
Glashtyn,Malevolent water horse
Gnome,Diminutive Earth elemental
goatogo dragon,a feared goat with wings that attack in packs of 25 to 700
Goblin,Grotesque; mischievous little people
Gog,Giant protector of London
Golem,Animated construct
Gorgades,Hairy humanoid
Goryo,Vengeful ghosts; usually of martyrs
Gremlin,Goblins that sabotage airplanes
Grigori,Fallen angels; father of Nephilim
Grim,Tutelary spirits of churches
Grim Reaper,An angel of death; often thought to be God's/Satan's assistant
Grindylow,Malevolent water spirit
Gualichu,Malevolent spirit
Guardian angel,A subclassification of angels that guard and protect a specific person or any living being
Guhin,Anthropomorphic bird
Gui Po,Ghost that manifests as an old woman
Gui Shu,Ghostly tree that confuses travelers by moving
Gumiho,Demon fox with thousands of tails. Believed to possess an army of spirits and magic in its tails.
Gwyllgi,black dog
Gwyllion,Malevolent spirit
Gytrash,black dog
Habrok," The ""best"" hawk"
Hadhayosh,Gigantic land animal
Hag,Wizened old woman; usually a malevolent spirit with this specific form; or a goddess in disguise
Hakutaku,Talking beast which handed down knowledge on harmful spirits
Hakuturi,Nature guardian
Haltija,Spirit that protects a specific place
Hamadryad,Oak tree nymph
Hamingja,Personal protection spirit
Hamsa,Mystical bird
Hantu Air,Shapeshifting water spirit
Hantu Demon,Demon
Hantu Raya,Demonic servant
Harionago,Humanoid female with barbed; prehensile hair
Harpy,Death spirit with the form of a bird with a human head
Haugbui,Undead who cannot leave its burial mound
Havsra,Saltwater spirit
Headless Horseman,Humanoid spirit who haunts or kills
Hecatonchires,Primordial giants with 100 hands and fifty heads
Heinzelmannchen,Household spirit
Helead,Fen nymph
Hellhound,Dog from underworld
Heracles,Gatekeeper of Olympus
Hercinia,Glowing bird
Herensuge,Dragon
Hesperides,Nymph daughters of Atlas
Hidebehind,Nocturnal forest creature
Hiderigami,Drought spirit
Hihi,Baboon monster
Hiisi,Nature guardian
Hitodama,Ghosts of the newly dead; which take the form of fireballs
Hob,House spirit
Hobbididance,Malevolent spirit
Hobgoblin,Friendly or amusing goblin
Hodag,Part frog; part mammoth; part lizard; from Native American mythology
Hokhokw,Bird
Homunculus,Diminutive; animated construct
Hoopoe,Near passerine bird common to Africa and Eurasia that features in many mythologies in those continents
Horned Serpent,Serpentine rain spirit
Hotoke,Deceased person
Houri,Heavenly beings
Hraesvelg,Giant; who in eagle form; creates the wind by beating his wings
Hrimthursar,Frost Giants who are the main inhabitants of either Jotunheim or Niflheim
Hugin and Munin,Thought and Memory; a pair of ravens associated with the Norse god Odin
Huldra,Forest spirit
Huma,Regenerative fire bird
Hundun,Chaos spirit
Hupia,Nocturnal ghost
Hyakume,Creature with a hundred eyes
Hydros,Snake whose poison causes the victim to swell up
Hydrus,Snake from the Nile River that would kill crocodiles from the inside
Hypnalis,Snake that kills its victims in their sleep
Iara,Female water spirit
Ibong Adarna,Bird that changes color each time it finishes a song
Iele,Female nature spirits
Ifrit,Fire genie
Ijiraq,Spirit that kidnaps children
Ikiryo,Can be considered a 'living ghost'; as it is a person's spirit outside their body
Ikuchi,Sea serpent that travels over boats in an arc while dripping oil
Imp,Diminutive; demonic servant
Impundulu,Avian; vampiric lightning spirit
Indus Worm,Giant; white; carnivorous worm
Inugami,Dog spirit
Iratxoak,Diminutive; demonic servants
Irin,Fallen angels
Ishigaq,Little people
Jackalope,Rabbit with antlers
Jaculus,Winged serpent or small dragon
Jasy Jaterei,Nature guardian and bogeyman
Jaud,Vampirised premature baby
Jenglot,Vampiric little people
Jengu,Water spirit
Jenu,Anthropophagous giant
Jersey Devil,Demonic dragon that was given birth to by an American living in New Jersey
Jiaolong,Dragon
Jibakurei,Spirit that protects a specific place
Jievaras,House spirit
Jinn,Spiritual creatures; genii
Jogah,Little people nature spirit
Jormungandr,Sea serpent
Jorogumo,Spider woman
Jotai,Animated folding screen cloth
Jotunn,Gigantic nature spirits
Jujak,Bird
Jumbee,Malevolent spirit
Kabouter,Little people that live underground; in mushrooms; or as house spirits
Kachina,Nature spirit
Kahaku,Little people and water spirits
Kajsa,Wind spirit
Kalakeyas,Descendents of Kala
Kallikantzaroi,Grotesque; malevolent spirit
Kamaitachi,Wind spirit
Kamatayan,Philippine counterpart of Death
Kami,Nature spirit
Kanbo,Drought spirit
Kanedama,Money spirit
Kappa,Little people and water spirits
Kapre,Malevolent tree spirit
Karkinos,Giant crab
Karzelek,Little people and mine spirits
Kashanbo,Kappa who climb into the mountains for the winter
Kaukas,Nature spirit
Keelut,Hairless dog
Kekkai,Amorphous afterbirth spirit
Kelpie,Malevolent water horse
Ker,Female death spirit
Keukegen,Disease spirit
Keythong,Wingless griffin
Kijimunaa,Tree sprite from Okinawa
Kikimora,Female house spirit
Killmoulis,Ugly; mischievous mill spirit
Kirin,Japanese Unicorn
Kitsune,Fox spirit
Klabautermann,Ship spirit
Knocker,Cornish and Welsh
Knucker,Water dragon
Kobold,Little people and mine or house spirits
Kodama,Tree spirit
Kofewalt,House spirit
Kokakucho,Ubume bird
Komainu,Protective animal
Kongamoto,Flying creature
Korrigan,Little people and nature spirits
Kraken,Sea monster
Krasnoludek,Little people nature spirits
Krasue,Vampiric; floating head
Kuarahy Jara,Forest spirit
Kumakatok,Death spirits
Kumiho,Fox spirit
Kun,Giant fish
Kupua,Shapeshifting tricksters
Kurabokko,Guardian spirit of a warehouse
Kurma,Second avatar of Vishnu in the form of a Turtle
Kurupi,Wild man and fertility spirit
Kushtaka,Shapeshifting otter spirit
Kwakwakalanooksiwae,Bird
Kyourinrin,Animated scroll or paper
Kyuketsuki,Vampire
Labbu,Sea snake
Lady midday,Sunstroke spirit
Ladon,Dragon guarding the golden apples of the Hesperides
Laelaps,Enchanted dog that always caught his prey
Laestrygonians,Anthropophagic giants
Lakanica,Field spirit
Lake monster,Gigantic animals reputed to inhabit various lakes around the world
Lakhey,Demon with fangs
La Llorona,Death spirit associated with drowning
Lamassu,Protective spirit with the form of a winged bull or lion with a human head
Lambton Worm,Giant worm
Lamiak,Water spirit with bird feet
La Mojana,Shapeshifting; female water spirit
Lampades,Underworld nymph
Landvaettir,Nature spirits
Lares,House spirit
La Sayona,Female ghost that punishes unfaithful husbands
La Tunda,Nature spirit that seduces and kills men
Lava bear,Miniature bear thought to inhabit the lava beds of south central Oregon
Lauku dvasios,Field spirit
Lauma,Sky spirit
Lavellan,Gigantic water rat
Leanan sidhe,Fairy lover
Leanashe,Possessing spirit or vampire
Leimakids,Meadow nymph
Leontophone,Tiny animal poisonous to lions
Leprechaun,Cobbler spirit
Leszi,Tree spirit
Leuce,White poplar tree nymph
Leucrota,Hybrid of a lion and crocotta
Leviathan,Sea monster; as seen in Job 41
Leyak,Anthropophagous flying head with entrails
Liderc,Magical chicken that transforms into a humanoid
Lightning Bird,Magical bird that can be found at sites of lightning strikes
Lilitu,Winged demon
Limnades,Lake nymph
Lindworm,Dragon
Ljosalfar,Sunlight spirits; the Light Elves
Long,Dragon
Loogaroo,Shapeshifting; female vampire
Lubber fiend,House spirit
Luison,Death spirit
Lusca,Sea Monster
Lutin,Amusing goblin
Lynx,Feline guide spirit
Maal,Malevolent ghostly mermaid
Machlyes,Hermaphroditic humanoid
Madremonte,Nature guardian
Maero,Savage; arboreal humanoids
Magog,Giant protector of London
Majas gari,Benevolent house spirit
Makara,Aquatic beings
Mami Wata,Supernaturally beautiful water spirits
Manananggal,Vampires that sever their torsos from their legs to fly around
Mandrake,Diminutive; animated construct
Manes,Ancestral spirits
Mannegishi,Little people with six fingers and no noses
Mapinguari,Giant sloth
Marabbecca,Malevolent water spirit
Marid,Jinn associated with open waters of the seas and oceans
Maro deives,Disease spirits
Matagot,Spirit that takes animal form; usually that of a black cat
Mayura,Peacock spirit
Mazikeen,Invisible; malevolent spirit
Mbwiri,Possessing demon
Meliae,Ash tree nymph
Melusine,Female water spirit; with the form of a winged mermaid or serpent
Menehune,Little people and craftsmen
Menninkainen,Little people and nature spirits
Merlion,Combination of a lion and a fish; the symbol of Singapore
Mimi,Extremely elongated humanoid that has to live in rock crevasses to avoid blowing away
Minka Bird,Death spirit
Minokawa,Giant swallow
Mishibizhiw,Feline water spirit
Mizuchi,Water dragon
Mngwa,Gigantic; ferocious nocturnal feline
Mogwai,Vengeful ghost or demon
Mohan,Nature spirit
Mokoi,Malevolent spirit that kills sorcerers
Monai,Giant snake with antennae
Mono Grande,Giant monkey
Monopod,Dwarf with one giant foot
Mooinjer veggey,Nature spirit
Mora,Disembodied spirit
Morgens,Water spirits
Mormolykeia,Underworld spirit
Moroi,Vampiric ghost
Moss people,Little people and tree spirits
Mujina,Shapeshifting badger spirit
Muldjewangk,Water monster
Multo,Spirit of a deceased person seeking justice or has unfinished business
Muse,Spirits that inspire artists
Myling,Ghosts of unbaptized children
Nachzehrer,Anthropophagous undead
Naga fireballs,Spectral fire
Naiad,Freshwater nymph
Nakki,Water spirit
Namahage,Ritual disciplinary demon from the Oga Peninsula
Namazu,Giant catfish whose thrashing causing earthquakes
Nang Takian,Tree spirit
Napaeae,Grotto nymph
Narecnitsi,Fate spirit
Nariphon,Pod people
Nargun,Water monster
Nav',Ghost
Nawao,Savage humanoid
Neck,Female water spirit
Negret,Little people that turn into coins
Nekomusume,Cat in the form of a girl
Nemean Lion,Lion with impenetrable skin
Nephilim,Gigantic sons of Grigori and human women
Nereid,Nymph daughters of Nereus
Ngen,Nature spirit
Nian,Predatory animal
Nightmarchers,Warrior ghosts
Nikusui,Monster which appears as a young woman and sucks all of the flesh off of its victim's body
Nimerigar,Aggressive little people
Ninki Nanka,Large reptile; possibly a dragon
Nisse,House spirit
Nidhoggr,Dragon
Nivatakavachas,Ocean demon
Nix,Female water spirit
Nobusuma,Supernatural wall; also a monstrous flying squirrel
Nocnitsa,Nightmare spirit
Nozuchi,Small sea serpent
Nu Gui,Vengeful female ghost
Nukekubi,Disembodied; flying head that attacks people
Numen,Tutelary spirit
Nuno,Malevolent little people
Nuppeppo,Animated chuck of dead flesh
Nurikabe,Spirit that manifests as an impassable; invisible wall
Nykstukas,Cavern spirit
Nymph,Nature spirit
Obake,Shapeshifting spirits
Obariyon,Spook which rides piggyback on a human victim and becomes unbearably heavy
Obayifo,Vampiric possession spirit
Obia,Gigantic animal that serves witches
Oceanid,Nymph daughters of Oceanus
Odei,Storm spirit
Odmience,Changeling
Og,Giant king of the Amorites
Ogre,Large; grotesque humanoid
Oiwa,Ghost of a woman with a distorted face who was murdered by her husband
Ojancanu,Giant cyclops who embodies evil.
Okubi,Death spirit
Oni,Large; grotesque humanoid demon; usual having red skin and horns
Onibi,Spectral fire
Onoskelis,Shapeshifting demon
Onryo,Vengeful ghost that manifests in a physical rather than a spectral form
Onza,Wild cat; possibly a subspecies of cougar
Oozlum bird,Bird that flies backwards
Orang Bunian,Forest spirit
Orang Minyak,Spectral rapist
Ordog,Shapeshifting demon
Oread,Mountain nymph
Ork,Little people and house spirits
Osiris,God of the dead and the judge of the underworld
Oshun,God of love and fertility
Otso,Bear spirit
Ouroboros,Mystic serpent/dragon that eats its own tail
Ovinnik,Malevolent threshing house spirit
Paasselka devils,Spectral fire
Pamola,Weather spirit
Pandi,Humanoid with giant ears; eight fingers and toes; and white hair
Panis,Demons with herds of stolen cows
Panlong,Water dragon
Panotti,Humanoid with gigantic ears
Panther,Feline with sweet breath
Parandrus,Shapeshifting animal whose natural form was a large ruminant
Pard,Fast; spotted feline believed to mate with lions to produce leopards
Patagon,Giant race reputed to live in the area of Patagonia
Pech,Strong little people
Pegaeae,Spring nymph
Pegasus,Winged horse
Pegacorn,Pegasus combined with a unicorn
Pelesit,Servant spirit
Peluda,Dragon
Penanggalan,Vampires that sever their heads from their bodies to fly around; usually with their intestines or other internal organs trailing behind
Peng,Giant bird
Penghou,Tree spirit
Peri,Winged humanoid
Pesanta,Nightmare demon in the form of a cat or dog
Peuchen,Vampiric; flying; shapeshifting serpent
Phi Tai Hong,Ghost of a person who has died suddenly of a violent or cruel death in Thai folklore
Phoenix,Regenerative bird
Piatek,Large land animal
Pictish Beast,Stylistic animal; possibly a dragon
Pillan,Nature spirit
Piru,Minor demon
Pixie,Little people and nature spirits
Pixiu,Winged lion
Plakavac,Vampire created when a mother strangles her child
Polevik,Little people and field spirits
Polong,Invisible servant spirit
Poltergeist,Ghost that moves objects
Pombero,Wild man and nature spirit
Ponaturi,Grotesque; malevolent humanoid
Pontianak,Undead; vampiric women who died in childbirth
Poukai,Giant bird
Preta,Ghosts of especially greedy people
Psotnik,Mischievous spirit
Psychopomp,Creatures; spirits; angels; or deities in many religions whose responsibility is to escort newly deceased souls from Earth to the afterlife
Pterippus,Winged horse
Puca,Shapeshifting animal spirit
Puki,Malevolent little person
Puck,House spirit
Putz,House spirit
Pugot,Headless humanoid
Puk,House spirit
Pukis,Malevolent house spirit
Pygmy,Little people
Python,Serpentine dragon
Qalupalik,Aquatic human abductor
Qiqirn,Large; bald dog spirit
Qliphoth,Evil spirits
Quetzalcoatl," Important god of the Aztec people; name meaning ""feathered serpent""; not to be confused with the quetzal; which is a type of bird"
Ra,Spirit that protects a specific place
Rabisu,Vampiric spirit that ambushes people
Radande,Tree spirit
Ragana,Malevolent witch
Raiju,Lightning spirit
Rain Bird,Rain spirit
Rainbow crow,Crow spirit
Rainbow Serpent,Snake
Rakshasa,Shapeshifting demon
Rarog,Whirlwind spirit
Raven Spirit,Trickster spirit
Ratatoskr,Squirrel spirit
Redcap,Malevolent; grotesque humanoid
Re'em,Gigantic land animal
Reichsadler,Eagle; sometimes depicted with two heads
Rephaite,Giant
Revenant,Reanimated dead
Roc,Gigantic bird
Rompo,Skeletal creature with elements of a rabbit; badger; and bear
Rusalka,Female water spirit
Ryu,dragon
Sagari,Horse's head that dangles from trees on Kyushu
Salamander,Fire elemental
Samodiva,Nature spirit
Santelmo,Spirits in a form of fireball; roaming around the forest
Sanziana,Nature spirit
Sarimanok,Bird of good fortune
Sarngika,Bird spirit
Sarugami,Wicked monkey spirit which was defeated by a dog
Satyrus,Apes who always bear twins; one the mother loves; the other it hates
Sceadugenga,Shapeshifting undead
Scitalis,Snake which mesmerizes its prey
Sea monster,Giant; marine animals
Sea serpent,Serpentine sea monster
Seko,Water spirit which can be heard making merry at night
Seps,Snake with highly corrosive venom
Serpent,Snake spirit
Shade,Spiritual imprint
Shadow People,Malevolent ghost
Shahbaz,Giant eagle or hawk
Shaitan Islam,Similar to Lucifer from the Bible
Shedu,Protective spirit with the form of a winged bull or lion with a human head
Shellycoat,Water spirit
Shen,Shapeshifing sea monster
Shenlong,Weather dragon
Shibaten,Water spirit from Shikoku
Shikome,Underworld hag
Shinigami," ""Death god"""
Shirouneri,Animated mosquito netting or dust cloth
Shiryo,Spirit of a dead person
Shishi,Protective animal
Shokera,Creature that peers in through skylights
Shtriga,Evil or dangerous witch
Shui Gui,Drowned ghost
Shug Monkey,Dog/monkey
Simargl,Winged dog
Singa,Feline animal
Sint Holo,Serpentine rain spirit
Sirrush,Dragon with aquiline hind legs and feline forelegs
Sjora,Freshwater spirit
Sjovaettir,Sea spirit
Skogsra,Forest spirit
Skookum,Hairy giant
Skrzak,Flying imp
Sky Women,Weather spirit
Sluagh,Restless ghost
Soragami,Ritual disciplinary demon
Sorobanbozu,Ghost with an abacus
Sotangitsune,Fox spirit from Kyoto
Soucouyant,Vampiric hag who takes the form of a fireball at night
Spectre,Terrifying ghost
Sphinx,Winged lion with a woman's head
Spiridus,Little people
Spirit,Ghosts
Spriggan,Guardians of graveyards and ruins
Sprite,little people; ghosts or elves
Squonk,Ugly and lonely creature capable of evading capture by dissolving itself into a pool of tears
Strigoi,Vampire
Strix,Vampiric bird
Struthopodes,Humanoid whose males have enormous feet; and females have tiny feet
Strzyga,Vampiric undead
Stuhac,Malevolent mountain spirit
Stymphalian Bird,Metallic bird
Suangi,Anthropophagous sorcerer
Sudice,Fortune spirit
Surma,Hellhound
Suzaku,Japanese version of the Chinese Vermillion Bird
Svadilfari,Unnatural strong horse; father of Sleipnir
Svartalfar,Cavern spirits; the Black Elves
Sylph,Air elemental
Sylvan,Forest spirit
Syrbotae,African giant
Syrictae,Reptilian humanoid
Tachash,Large land animal
Taimatsumaru,Tengu surrounded in demon fire
Takam,Nature spirit
Talos,Winged giant made of bronze
Tangie,Shapeshifting water spirit
Taniwha,Water spirit
Tantankororin,Unharvested persimmon which becomes a monster
Tanuki,Shapeshifting raccoon dog
Taotao Mona,Ancestral spirits
Taotie,Greed spirit
Tapairu,Nature spirit
Tarasque,Dragon with leonine; turtle; bear; and human attributes
Tartaruchi,Demonic punisher
Tatsu,Japanese dragon
Teju Jagua,Lizard with seven dog heads
Tecumbalam,Bird
Tengu,Anthropomorphic bird
Tennin,Angelic humanoid
Tepegoz,Azerbaijani mythical creature similar to the cyclops Polyphemus
Teumessian Fox,Gigantic fox
Thunderbird,Avian lightning spirit; bird
Tiangou,Meteoric dog
Tianlong,Celestial dragon
Tibicena,Evil Dog
Tiddy Mun,Bog spirit
Tigmamanukan,Asian fairy bluebird believed in as part of Philippine mythology
Tigris,Giant lion
Tikbalang,Anthropomorphic horse
Tikoloshe,Little people and water spirit
Timingila,Sea monster
Tipua,Spirit that protects a specific place
Titan,Giant
Tiyanak,Demons that are formerly souls of dead unbaptized babies
Tizheruk,Sea serpent
Tlahuelpuchi,Shapeshifting vampire
Tomte,House spirit
Topielec,Water spirit
Totetsu,Greed spirit
Toyol,Servant spirit
Trasgo,Grotesque; mischievous little people
Trauco,Fertility spirit
Trenti,Diminutive demon
Trickster,A character in a story which exhibits a great degree of intellect or secret knowledge; and uses it to play tricks or otherwise disobey normal rules and conventional behaviour
Tripurasura,Demonic inhabitants of Tripura
Troll,Nature spirit
Trow,Little people and nature spirits
Tsuchigumo,Shapeshifting; giant spider
Tsukumogami,Inanimate object that becomes animated after existing for 100 years
Tsul 'Kalu,Giant nature spirit
Tugarin Zmeyevich,Evil shapeshifter
Tylwyth Teg,Nature spirit
Tupilaq,Animated construct
Turehu,Pale spirit
Turul,Giant falcon that helped shape the origins of the Magyars
Tzitzimitl,Skeletal star spirit
Ubume,Ghosts of women who died in childbirth
Umibozu,Ghost of drowned priest
Undead,Dead that behave as if alive
Underwater panther,Feline water spirit
Undine,Water elemental
Unhcegila,Dragon
Unicorn,Horse with magical healing horn.
Unktehi,Serpentine rain spirit
Unktehila,Reptilian water monster
Upinis,River spirit
Urayuli,Hairy giant
Urias,Giant
Utukku,"Underworld messenger spirit"
Uwan,Spirit that shouts to surprise people
Vadatajs,Spirit that misleads people
Vaettir,Nature spirit
Valkyrie,Female spirit that leads souls of dead warriors to Valhalla
Valva,Female nature spirit
Valravn,Supernatural raven
Vampire,Reanimated corpse that subsists on blood
Vantoase,Female weather spirit
Varaha,Third Avatar of Vishnu in the form of a boar
Varcolac,Vampire or werewolf
Vardoger,Ghostly double
Vedrfolnir,Hawk sitting between the eyes of an eagle in the crown of Yggdrasill; the World Tree
Veli,Ghost; shade; formed after a death of a human
Veri Selen,dragon
Vetala,Corpses possessed by vampiric spirits
Vibria,Dragon with breasts and an eagle's beak
Vila,Weather spirit
Virunas,Handsome demon
Vision Serpent,Mystical dragon
Vidopnir;,Rooster that sits atop the tree
Vodyanoy,Male water spirit
Waldgeist,Forest spirit
Wanyudo,Demon in the form of a burning ox cart with a human head
Warg,Giant; demonic wolf
Warlock,A man who practices magic
Water monkey,Water spirit
Water sprite,Water elemental
Weisse Frauen,Female spirit
Wekufe,Demon
Wendigo,Anthropophagous spirit
Wentshukumishiteu,Water spirit
White Lady,Ghost of a murdered or mistreated woman
Witch,Person who practices magic
Witte Wieven,Female; ancestral spirit
Wondjina,Weather spirit
Wraith,Water spirit or ghostly apparition
Wu Tou Gui,Beheaded ghost
Wyrm,dragon
Wyvern,Flying reptile; usually with two legs and two wings
Xana,Female water spirit
Xecotcovach,Bird
Xelhua,Giant
Xing Tian,Headless giant
Xiuhcoatl,Drought spirit
Xindhi,Elves
Yacumama,Sea monster
Yacuruna,Mythical water people; with backwards heads and feet
Yadokai,Malevolent; nocturnal spirit
Yaksha,Male nature spirit
Yakshi,Vampire
Yakshini,Female nature spirit
Yanari,Spirit which causes strange noises
Yaoguai,Animalistic demon
Yeth hound,Headless dog
Yeti,Mountain Bigfoot
Yilbegan,Either a dragon or a giant
Yobuko,Mountain dwelling spirit
Yokai,Supernatural Monster
Yong,dragon
Yosei,Fairy
You Hun Ye Gui,Wandering ghost
Yuan Gui,Distressed ghost
Yukinko,Childlike snow spirit
Yurei,Ghost
Zahhak,Dragon
Zaltys,Serpentine fertility spirit
Zamzum,Giant
Zana,Nature spirit
Zduhac,Disembodied; heroic spirit
Zeus,God of the sky; lightning; thunder; law; order; justice
Zhu Que,Fire elemental bird
Ziburinis,Forest spirit in the form of a glowing skeleton
Zilant,Flying reptile with chicken legs
Zin,Water spirits
Ziz,Giant Bird
Zlatorog,White deer with golden horns
Zmeu,Giant with a habit of kidnapping young girls
Zmiy,dragon
Zorigami,Animated clock
Zuijin,Tutelary spirit
